README.md, before:

# concourse packer resource

a [concourse-ci](https://concourse-ci.org) resource for building images via [packer](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/amazon.html)

## table of contents

- [behavior](#behavior)

	- [check](#check-not-implemented)

	- [in](#in-not-implemented)

	- [out](#out-build-a-new-image)

## behaviour

### `check`: not implemented

### `in`: not implemented

### `out`: build a new image

**parameters**

- `template`: _required_. the path to the packer template file.

- `env_vars`: _optional_. dict of variables to set in the environment.

- `env_vars_from_files`: _optional_. dict of vars and file paths to set in the environment.

- `var_files`: _optional_. the list of paths to [external JSON variable file(s)](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/user-variables.html).

- `vars`: _optional_. dict of explicit packer variable key/value pairs.

- `vars_from_files`: _optional_. dict of vars and file paths to use as their value.

- `debug`: _optional_. set to `true` to dump argument values and parsed output. **may result in leaked credentials**. default: `false`

the id of the first artifact produced will be used as the version, with the full artifact details in the output metadata

**note**: in an effort to prevent credentials leaking to logs, the full packer command line will not be printed on failure -- however, you should still mark any relevant variables as _sensitive variables_ in the packer template to prevent packer from printing them in log output

the packer executable will have a working directory of the concourse input directory, so file paths can be relative to resources, or absolute paths

## examples

```yaml
resource_types:
- name: packer
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: snapkitchen/concourse-packer-resource
    tag: 1.4.3

resources:
- name: build-ami
  type: packer

jobs:
- name: my-ami
  plan:
  - get: my-ami-template
  - get: role-credentials
  - put: build-ami
    params:
      template: my-ami-template/template.json
      var_files:
      - my-ami-template/my-vars.json
      env_vars:
        AWS_DEFAULT_REGION: ((aws_region))
      env_vars_from_files:
        AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: role-credentials/access-key-id
        AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: role-credentials/secret-access-key
        AWS_SESSION_TOKEN: role-credentials/session-token
      vars:
        environment: dev
        package_version: 1.2.3
      vars_from_files:
        commit_ref: my-ami-template/.git/short_ref
```

# license

see [LICENSE](LICENSE)

Commit message:

add packer 1.5.4 and -force arg (#14)
* Add -force option

* update README and tweak force placement

Co-authored-by: Tom von Schwerdtner <tvon@covermymeds.com>

README.md, after:

# concourse packer resource

a [concourse-ci](https://concourse-ci.org) resource for building images via [packer](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/amazon.html)

## table of contents

- [behavior](#behavior)

	- [check](#check-not-implemented)

	- [in](#in-not-implemented)

	- [out](#out-build-a-new-image)

## behaviour

### `check`: not implemented

### `in`: not implemented

### `out`: build a new image

**parameters**

- `template`: _required_. the path to the packer template file.

- `env_vars`: _optional_. dict of variables to set in the environment.

- `env_vars_from_files`: _optional_. dict of vars and file paths to set in the environment.

- `var_files`: _optional_. the list of paths to [external JSON variable file(s)](https://www.packer.io/docs/templates/user-variables.html).

- `vars`: _optional_. dict of explicit packer variable key/value pairs.

- `vars_from_files`: _optional_. dict of vars and file paths to use as their value.

- `force`: _optional_. set to `true` to enable the [force](https://packer.io/docs/commands/build.html#force) option during a packer build. default: `false`

- `debug`: _optional_. set to `true` to dump argument values and parsed output. **may result in leaked credentials**. default: `false`

the id of the first artifact produced will be used as the version, with the full artifact details in the output metadata

**note**: in an effort to prevent credentials leaking to logs, the full packer command line will not be printed on failure -- however, you should still mark any relevant variables as _sensitive variables_ in the packer template to prevent packer from printing them in log output

the packer executable will have a working directory of the concourse input directory, so file paths can be relative to resources, or absolute paths

## examples

```yaml
resource_types:
- name: packer
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: snapkitchen/concourse-packer-resource
    tag: 1.4.3

resources:
- name: build-ami
  type: packer

jobs:
- name: my-ami
  plan:
  - get: my-ami-template
  - get: role-credentials
  - put: build-ami
    params:
      template: my-ami-template/template.json
      var_files:
      - my-ami-template/my-vars.json
      env_vars:
        AWS_DEFAULT_REGION: ((aws_region))
      env_vars_from_files:
        AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: role-credentials/access-key-id
        AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: role-credentials/secret-access-key
        AWS_SESSION_TOKEN: role-credentials/session-token
      vars:
        environment: dev
        package_version: 1.2.3
      vars_from_files:
        commit_ref: my-ami-template/.git/short_ref
```

# license

see [LICENSE](LICENSE)
